oh I love doing commentary so fun
especially when I'm bored out of my mind
right now I've just been playing smash
brothers for like five days non-stop I
haven't gotten any sleep this game is
ruining my life it sucks but enough
about that you guys I want to thank
everyone for actually liking this a lot
a lot of people you know leaving
positive comments I like that everyone
seemed to like this few people didn't
but the ninety percent you like this I
just want to say thank you i mean i
didn't i just made this for fun because
believe it or not I like that spongebob
song it's the only thing I spongebob I
like it just it it's so annoying it gets
stuck in your head and you're singing it
all day so this I had this idea to do
the best day ever like music video like
right after I did the The Weird Al video
and it was supposed to be the best day
ever was when the we came out in
November so I actually wrote this down
wrote what I wanted to do and i
storyboarded it and then I just didn't
finish it like I lost interest and I had
other stuff to do and then the we came
and I was like all right well what else
can I do like halo 3 maybe so that i
started i started working on a little
bit to do for the halo 3 release and
that went and I'm like okay well what
else is out there and then brawl was
coming out in December so I actually
thought you know what all right let me
do it football I like brawl it's cool so
I started doing it and then I was it was
getting close to December I'm like you
know what I'm not gonna finish this
let's just believe it and then brawl got
delayed I'm like happy and sad at the
same time because I'm happy because I
can finish this and I'm sad because I
gotta wait so then it got delayed Oh
fabri where you started doing it a
little bit more februari Kane delayed
again
you know a mixed reaction but finally i
finished for the march release and i
think you can turn that really good i
love that i like it and everyone seems
to like it and that's pretty much all i
could say random steve urkel just makes
everything better here's a tip if you're
making a movie just put in a three frame
Steve Urkel it'll make your movie ten
times better and I'm probably never
gonna use this guy again because as his
t-shirt says he's jarek anime kid and I
don't like him roll here's the easter
egg i had to click it myself because his
video he can't click it and he's in
heaven actually I wanted to extend that
to have like people in the background I
wanted to have like people who died
recently like maybe he'd ledger or
something but maybe that was a little
too mean but um that's it that's all I
want to say and subscribe to my channel
if you want to i'm making some other
flash flash movies it'll be out pretty
soon and they'll be just as funny so uh
thanks for enjoying it and thanks for
listening to me ramble on for about
three minutes so bye